research/index.markdown, before:

---
layout: page
title: Research Featuring QuantGov Data
...

The research papers, congressional testimonies, and other studies listed below used data derived from the QuantGov platform as a
component of the research. If you have used QuantGov or RegData in a research project, please email us at <info@quantgov.org> to be added to this list.

### Research Using QuantGov and RegData

#### Mercatus Research
-   Bailey, James and Diana Thomas. [“Regulating Away Competition: The
    Effect of Regulation on Entrepreneurship and
    Employment.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/regulating-away-competition-effect-regulation-entrepreneurship-and-employment)
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, September 2015.
-   Chambers, Dustin and Courtney A. Collins. “[How Do Federal
    Regulations Affect Consumer Prices? An Analysis of the Regressive
    Effects
    of Regulation.](http://mercatus.org/sites/default/files/Chambers-How-Regs-Affect-Prices-v2.pdf)”
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, February 2016.
-   Coffey, Bentley, Patrick A. McLaughlin, and Pietro Peretto. “[The
    Cumulative Cost
    of Regulations.](http://mercatus.org/sites/default/files/Coffey-Cumulative-Cost-Regs-v3.pdf)”
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, April 2016.
-   Collins, Courtney A. [“Reading, Writing, and Regulations: A Survey
    of the Expanding Federal Role in Elementary and Secondary Education
    Policy.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/reading-writing-and-regulations-survey-expanding-federal-role-elementary-and-secondary)
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, August 2014.
-   Davies, Antony. [“Regulation and
    Productivity.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/regulation-and-productivity)
    Mercatus Research. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason
    University, May 2014.
-   Fichtner, Jason J. and Patrick A. McLaughlin. [“Legislative Impact
    Accounting: Rethinking How to Account for Policies’ Economic Costs
    in the Federal Budget
    Process.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/legislative-impact-accounting-rethinking-how-account-policies-economic-costs-federal)
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, June 2015.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. and Richard Williams. [“The Consequences of
    Regulatory Accumulation and a Proposed
    Solution.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/consequences-regulatory-accumulation-and-proposed-solution)
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, February 2014.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A., Jerry Ellig, and Dima Yazji Shamoun.
    [“Regulatory Reform in Florida: An Opportunity for Greater
    Competitiveness and Economic
    Efficiency.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/regulatory-reform-florida-opportunity-greater-competitiveness-and-economic-efficiency)
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, March 2014.
-   Peirce, Hester and James Broughel. [Dodd-Frank: What It Does and Why
    It’s Flawed.]() Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason
    University, 2013.

#### Non-Mercatus Research
-   Barrage, Lint. [“Is Regulatory Rulemaking State-Contingent? An
    Empirical Analysis.”](http://lintbarrage.com/research)
    Working Paper. December 2014.
-   Bessen, James. ["Accounting for Rising Corporate Profits: 
    Intangibles or Regulatory Rents?"](http://www.bu.edu/law/files/2016/05/Accounting-for-Rising-Corporate-Profits.pdf)
    Boston University School of Law & Economics Working Paper. May 2016. 
-   Fouirnaies, Alexander and Andrew B. Hall. [“The Exposure Theory of
    Access: Why Some Firms Seek More Access to Incumbents Than
    Others.”](http://polmeth.wustl.edu/media/Paper/FouirnaiesHallRegulation.pdf) St.
    Louis, MO: Society for Political Methodology, April 2014.
-   Goldschlag, Nathan and Alexander T. Tabarrok. [“Is Regulation to
    Blame for the Decline in American
    Entrepreneurship?”](http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2559803)
    GMU Working Paper in Economics No. 15-11. Fairfax, VA: George Mason
    University, December 2014.
-   Goncharov, Igor, Jörg Mahlich and B. Burcin Yurtoglu. “[R&D
    Investments, Profitability and Regulation of the Pharmaceutical
    Industry](http://www.research.lancs.ac.uk/portal/en/publications/rd-investments-profitability-and-regulation-of-the-pharmaceutical-     industry(f5970be9-db8f-43ee-a856-2f9a10eae7e4).html).”
    Department of Accounting and Finance Working Paper AF2014/15WP05.
    Lancaster, UK: Lancaster University. 2014
-   Gutierrez, German, Thomas Philippon. ["Investment-less Growth:
    An Empirical Investigation"](http://www.nber.org/papers/w22897)
    NBER Working Paper. December 2016.
-   Hall, Joshua C., Robert A. Lawson, and Saurav Roychoudhury.
    [“Creating the Environment for Entrepreneurship through Economic
    Freedom.”](http://www.be.wvu.edu/phd_economics/pdf/15-01.pdf) WVU
    Department of Economics Working Paper No. 15-01. Morgantown, WV:
    West Virginia University, 2015.


### Short-Form Writings and Congressional Testimony

-   Carew, Diana. [“FDA Regulation in the Data-Driven
    Economy.”](http://www.progressivepolicy.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/2014.10-Carew_FDA-Regulation-in-the-Data-Driven-Economy.pdf)
    Policy Memo. Washington, DC: Progressive Policy Institute,
    October 2014.
-   Mandel, Michael. [“Hacking the Regulatory
    State.”](http://www.cato.org/publications/cato-online-forum/hacking-regulatory-state)
    Cato Online Forum. Washington, DC: Cato Institute, November 2014.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. and Robert Greene. [“Dodd-Frank’s Regulatory
    Surge: Quantifying Its Regulatory Restrictions and Improving Its
    Economic
    Analyses.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/dodd-frank-s-regulatory-surge-quantifying-its-regulatory-restrictions-and-improving-its)
    Mercatus on Policy. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason
    University, February 2014.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. and Robert Greene. [“The Unintended
    Consequences of Federal Regulatory
    Accumulation.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/unintended-consequences-federal-regulatory-accumulation)
    Economic Perspectives. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, May 2014.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. [“On the Human Costs of the US Regulatory
    System: Should Congress Pressure Agencies to Make Rules
    Faster?”](http://mercatus.org/publication/human-costs-us-regulatory-system-should-congress-pressure-agencies-make-rules-faster) Testimony.
    Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason University,
    August 2013.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. [“Regulatory Statistics for the Railroad
    Sector from RegData
    2.0.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/regulatory-statistics-railroad-sector-regdata-20)
    Sector Brief. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason
    University, September 2014.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. [“The Searching for and Cutting Regulations
    that Are Unnecessarily Burdensome Act of
    2014.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/searching-and-cutting-regulations-are-unnecessarily-burdensome-act-2014) Testimony.
    Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason University,
    February 2014.
-   Miller, Sofie. [“EPA’s Retrospective Review of Regulations: Will It
    Reduce Manufacturing
    Burdens?”](http://www.fed-soc.org/publications/detail/epas-retrospective-review-of-regulations-will-it-reduce-manufacturing-burdens)
    Engage: The Journal of the Federalist Society Practice Groups
    14, no. 2 (July 2013).
-   Yandle, Bruce. [“The Economic
    Situation.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/economic-situation-september-2012) Commentary.
    Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason University,
    September 2012.

Commit message:

Added several papers citing RegData

research/index.markdown, after:

---
layout: page
title: Research Featuring QuantGov Data
...

The research papers, congressional testimonies, and other studies listed below used data derived from the QuantGov platform as a
component of the research. If you have used QuantGov or RegData in a research project, please email us at <info@quantgov.org> to be added to this list.

### Research Using QuantGov and RegData

#### Mercatus Research
-   Bailey, James and Diana Thomas. [“Regulating Away Competition: The
    Effect of Regulation on Entrepreneurship and
    Employment.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/regulating-away-competition-effect-regulation-entrepreneurship-and-employment)
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, September 2015.
-   Chambers, Dustin and Courtney A. Collins. “[How Do Federal
    Regulations Affect Consumer Prices? An Analysis of the Regressive
    Effects
    of Regulation.](http://mercatus.org/sites/default/files/Chambers-How-Regs-Affect-Prices-v2.pdf)”
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, February 2016.
-   Coffey, Bentley, Patrick A. McLaughlin, and Pietro Peretto. “[The
    Cumulative Cost
    of Regulations.](http://mercatus.org/sites/default/files/Coffey-Cumulative-Cost-Regs-v3.pdf)”
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, April 2016.
-   Collins, Courtney A. [“Reading, Writing, and Regulations: A Survey
    of the Expanding Federal Role in Elementary and Secondary Education
    Policy.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/reading-writing-and-regulations-survey-expanding-federal-role-elementary-and-secondary)
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, August 2014.
-   Davies, Antony. [“Regulation and
    Productivity.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/regulation-and-productivity)
    Mercatus Research. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason
    University, May 2014.
-   Fichtner, Jason J. and Patrick A. McLaughlin. [“Legislative Impact
    Accounting: Rethinking How to Account for Policies’ Economic Costs
    in the Federal Budget
    Process.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/legislative-impact-accounting-rethinking-how-account-policies-economic-costs-federal)
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, June 2015.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. and Richard Williams. [“The Consequences of
    Regulatory Accumulation and a Proposed
    Solution.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/consequences-regulatory-accumulation-and-proposed-solution)
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, February 2014.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A., Jerry Ellig, and Dima Yazji Shamoun.
    [“Regulatory Reform in Florida: An Opportunity for Greater
    Competitiveness and Economic
    Efficiency.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/regulatory-reform-florida-opportunity-greater-competitiveness-and-economic-efficiency)
    Mercatus Working Paper. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, March 2014.
-   Peirce, Hester and James Broughel. [Dodd-Frank: What It Does and Why
    It’s Flawed.]() Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason
    University, 2013.

#### Non-Mercatus Research
-   Babenko, Ilona, Viktar Fedaseyeu, and Song Zhang. ["Do CEOs Affect
    Employees' Political Choices?"](https://ssrn.com/abstract=2814976)
    September 2016.
-   Barrage, Lint. [“Is Regulatory Rulemaking State-Contingent? An
    Empirical Analysis.”](http://lintbarrage.com/research)
    Working Paper. December 2014.
-   Bessen, James. ["Accounting for Rising Corporate Profits: 
    Intangibles or Regulatory Rents?"](http://www.bu.edu/law/files/2016/05/Accounting-for-Rising-Corporate-Profits.pdf)
    Boston University School of Law & Economics Working Paper. May 2016.
-   Brewer, Brady and Levi Russell. ["Impact of Dodd-Frank on Small Community
    Lenders."](http://ageconsearch.umn.edu/bitstream/235986/2/Dodd%20Frank%20Lender%20Paper.pdf)
    Agricultural & Applied Economics Association Annual Meeting. July 2016.
-   Carboni, Marika and Franco Fiordelisi. ["Endogenous Political
    Connections."](http://www.st-andrews.ac.uk/business/rbf/workingpapers/RBF17_003.pdf)
    University of St. Andrews Working Papers in Responsible Banking and Finance. August 2016.
-   Davis, Steven J. ["Regulatory Complexity and Policy Uncertainty:
    Headwinds of Our Own Making."](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers2.cfm?abstract_id=2723980)
    Becker Friedman Institute for Research in Economics Working Paper. January 2016.
-   Drake, Michael S., Michael A. Mayberry, and Jaron H. Wilde. ["Presidential elections
    and the market pricing of future earnings."](https://ssrn.com/abstract=2511461)
    September 2014.
-   Fouirnaies, Alexander and Andrew B. Hall. [“The Exposure Theory of
    Access: Why Some Firms Seek More Access to Incumbents Than
    Others.”](http://polmeth.wustl.edu/media/Paper/FouirnaiesHallRegulation.pdf) St.
    Louis, MO: Society for Political Methodology, April 2014.
-   Goldschlag, Nathan and Alexander T. Tabarrok. [“Is Regulation to
    Blame for the Decline in American
    Entrepreneurship?”](http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2559803)
    GMU Working Paper in Economics No. 15-11. Fairfax, VA: George Mason
    University, December 2014.
-   Goncharov, Igor, Jörg Mahlich and B. Burcin Yurtoglu. “[R&D
    Investments, Profitability and Regulation of the Pharmaceutical
    Industry](http://www.research.lancs.ac.uk/portal/en/publications/rd-investments-profitability-and-regulation-of-the-pharmaceutical-     industry(f5970be9-db8f-43ee-a856-2f9a10eae7e4).html).”
    Department of Accounting and Finance Working Paper AF2014/15WP05.
    Lancaster, UK: Lancaster University. 2014
-   Gutierrez, German, Thomas Philippon. ["Investment-less Growth:
    An Empirical Investigation."](http://www.nber.org/papers/w22897)
    NBER Working Paper. December 2016.
-   Hall, Joshua C., Robert A. Lawson, and Saurav Roychoudhury.
    [“Creating the Environment for Entrepreneurship through Economic
    Freedom.”](http://www.be.wvu.edu/phd_economics/pdf/15-01.pdf) WVU
    Department of Economics Working Paper No. 15-01. Morgantown, WV:
    West Virginia University, 2015.
-   Larch, Alexandra R. ["The Effect of Dodd-Frank on the Profitability of Community Banks:
    An Econometric Model."](http://www.inquiriesjournal.com/a?id=1526)
    Inquiries Journal. Vol. 9, No. 2. February 2017.
-   Randolph, Gregory M. and James Fetzner. ["The Impact of Regulatory Accumulation
    on U.S. Federal District Courts."](https://doi.org/10.1017/S1744137416000126)
    Journal of Institutional Economics. Vol. 12, No. 3. December 2016.



### Short-Form Writings and Congressional Testimony

-   Carew, Diana. [“FDA Regulation in the Data-Driven
    Economy.”](http://www.progressivepolicy.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/2014.10-Carew_FDA-Regulation-in-the-Data-Driven-Economy.pdf)
    Policy Memo. Washington, DC: Progressive Policy Institute,
    October 2014.
-   Mandel, Michael. [“Hacking the Regulatory
    State.”](http://www.cato.org/publications/cato-online-forum/hacking-regulatory-state)
    Cato Online Forum. Washington, DC: Cato Institute, November 2014.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. and Robert Greene. [“Dodd-Frank’s Regulatory
    Surge: Quantifying Its Regulatory Restrictions and Improving Its
    Economic
    Analyses.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/dodd-frank-s-regulatory-surge-quantifying-its-regulatory-restrictions-and-improving-its)
    Mercatus on Policy. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason
    University, February 2014.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. and Robert Greene. [“The Unintended
    Consequences of Federal Regulatory
    Accumulation.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/unintended-consequences-federal-regulatory-accumulation)
    Economic Perspectives. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George
    Mason University, May 2014.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. [“On the Human Costs of the US Regulatory
    System: Should Congress Pressure Agencies to Make Rules
    Faster?”](http://mercatus.org/publication/human-costs-us-regulatory-system-should-congress-pressure-agencies-make-rules-faster) Testimony.
    Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason University,
    August 2013.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. [“Regulatory Statistics for the Railroad
    Sector from RegData
    2.0.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/regulatory-statistics-railroad-sector-regdata-20)
    Sector Brief. Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason
    University, September 2014.
-   McLaughlin, Patrick A. [“The Searching for and Cutting Regulations
    that Are Unnecessarily Burdensome Act of
    2014.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/searching-and-cutting-regulations-are-unnecessarily-burdensome-act-2014) Testimony.
    Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason University,
    February 2014.
-   Miller, Sofie. [“EPA’s Retrospective Review of Regulations: Will It
    Reduce Manufacturing
    Burdens?”](http://www.fed-soc.org/publications/detail/epas-retrospective-review-of-regulations-will-it-reduce-manufacturing-burdens)
    Engage: The Journal of the Federalist Society Practice Groups
    14, no. 2 (July 2013).
-   Yandle, Bruce. [“The Economic
    Situation.”](http://mercatus.org/publication/economic-situation-september-2012) Commentary.
    Arlington, VA: Mercatus Center at George Mason University,
    September 2012.
